Make `redirect_uri` optional with a sane default value (#1618)
pajbot/pajbot: CHANGELOG.md

Remember to bring your dependencies up to date with `./scripts/venvinstall.sh` when updating to this version!

> - Minor: Added fallback `redirect_uri` value for if the value is not manually set. (#1618)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: The `redirect_uri` config option under the `[twitchapi]` section is now optional with a sane default value: `https://<domain>/login/authorized`. (#1618)
```
